is it too late for you to start a
YouTube channel or a podcast probably
the first place you want to be at as a
content creator is rather than talk
about what you want to talk about talk
about what people want to hear you got
to genuinely care about what people care
about do you have the ability to balance
family and growing your own brand how
are you going to land big guests how are
you going to figure this out I just
replaced that word with the word Rhythm
I have found a rhythm in life tap into
this rhythm of Grace that God offers I
felt like I heard the voice of God I
don't like throwing the God card it
wasn't like this voice from Heaven that
was like get prepare yourself it was
like an impression you want the viewer
to have some sort of resolve as soon as
they click on the video resolve is like
okay I clicked on the Right video M I
love that you're teaching me all of this
this is so good and everybody so can we
restart the
show Welcome to build your tribe by the
way my name is shelene Johnson and I'm
speaking with my good friend and I have
been practicing saying his last name for
the longest time because you know you
have some friends like you just say
their first name because their last name
is hard to pronounce this is how you're
going to remember it tell the story
today we're sitting down with Omar
elori which rhymes with tell my story
hey and um we're going to talk all
things podcast video lighting family
balance Etc Omar thank you so much for
being on build your tribe what an honor
thanks for being here and we're in your
studio AKA thanks for being here yes I
love no and thank you for being who you
are and the example you're setting for
uh people like me younger Millennials I
guess I'm an older Millennial are um and
just killing it man like and we we need
the example you guys are to the world it
feels like you're doing it right you
know I look at a lot of people your age
who they are watching the super uber
successful have a million Subs have a
million Instagram followers
big launches big things are happening
and they're really worrying me like I'm
concerned because I think to myself
myself you know they're going to get to
a certain point and they're going to
wonder like should I have done things
differently should I have had kids
should I have slowed down you know and
so it becomes really intoxicating and I
worry about your generation and younger
Generations that you're just inundated
with comparisons all day long on social
how do you as someone who's building a
brand building a business and a brand
new family how are you balancing this
yeah you know that that word I think
it's because I replaced that word with
the word Rhythm I have found a rhythm in
life oh and there's actually a scripture
in the Bible especially in the marriage
message paraphrase it says tap into this
uh rhythm of Grace that God offers wow
and so I find that it's actually
impossible to balance it all
cuz if I spend 8 hours a day at work I
can't give essentially that same
intensity at home you know if you could
put it that way but but when I
understand it you know the es and flows
that like I do need to be intense at
home at times like we just this is my
first podcast with baby number two out
for four days which is crazy get a baby
at home your second baby at home four
days ago yes so thank you for being here
because I I know how intentional you are
about work I mean you've shared with me
some of the things that you've declined
there were really big opportunities
because you're like I have this priority
so tell me what you feel when you
see someone in your same space who you
know they're saying yes to more things
you are and you also probably feel that
little twing of like should I be further
along should I be doing that yeah for
sure even though I probably do a a good
job in my opinion at living life with
the Rhythm I I've decided to live it at
yeah yes the comparison still comes and
you know I think the thing that comes
through my mind is it's just the speed
thing it's like I feel like I think the
reason why our generation wants things
is because we're being we're being
served it very quickly and we can make a
lot of money fast you know faster than a
lot of people we're in the biggest
wealth transfer we've ever experienced
and so when I see it it's it's just like
that fomo the fear of missing out but I
just always have to go back to who's my
like ultimate trust in like if it's
supposed to happen it's supposed to
and it's actually the nose that I'm
giving out in this season it's showing
me that things will happen when they're
supposed to so I mean even though I
still see the friends that my like
buying Lambos and mansions and all that
stuff and I would like some Lambo or two
or whatever um it's okay whatever I
don't know I the Fulfillment comes from
happy my home life being dialed and we
don't need Super excess right we even
live at a point where the excess that
we're even experiencing now because we
live so below our means is so that we
can be generous so I mean we give away a
lot of money I live way below our means
and I'm just fulfilled so I mean I I
know people can get very empty even
though they have that stuff and they say
yes to all those opportunities uh but
yeah it can quickly run dry and I'm I'm
trying to do this for the Long Haul
honestly too with that in mind how do
you know when you're out of rhythm I
like the word Grace you can find
yourself in a Grace Zone when things
begin to flow you feel like there's like
a there's like a wind at your back okay
it's like wow that worked up and this
aligned and this okay I believe when
you're out of rhythm you're forcing
things to happen you're you're kicking
doors open instead of walking through
the door that was open for you you know
so profound you're you're manipulating
uh relationships to happen and I I think
that I think the word is the opposite
word in this context is forcing it like
you feel like you're really forcing it
right now and maybe you're getting
results because you're forcing it but
you are extra tired you are on the verge
of burnout because I get fulfilled on
this stuff so like I you know I
understand that I can't there could be a
lot I can do a lot of this good and and
get kind of tired but that's just like
again Rhythm I need to pull back a
little bit you know and that's okay and
I love that and by the way I think the
reason why I also probably do this
decently well is because I actually
value people who are further than me so
when I see somebody like whether it's a
mentor I invest in or invest in myself
through or follow somebody like win
mcmanis or we were talking about like
Chris doe and these people like have
kids that are successful and are are not
mad at their parents and their home life
isn't broken and they're still married
like that's the goal that like 20 30 40
50 years from now I have that so I guess
I'm keeping my eye on them more than I
am my peers in that regard and so that's
kind of's being helpful me about your
journey to where you are today so when I
met you um you were working with think
media Sean kenel and um you're really
quiet at least in my presence I was
always like you know maybe he doesn't
like me maybe shy I don't know like I
was like asking like all these really
uncomfortable questions trying to get to
know you first of all what was your role
with in media it kind of like my video
Journey started over 15 years ago in
high school uh there was you know you
get the option to choose an elective and
the elective I chose was broadcast
journalism so it like it was the the
people at school that make the morning
announcements and you got to be your
face got to be on screen and second
period and you got to make these fun
like commercials and PSAs and stuff and
I love the process so like of making a
video you know and at that time you had
to like transfer the tape for tape like
the minute the second for second okay um
but I fell in love with creating videos
and then I had friends that wrapped so I
bought cameras and I started making
music videos and like and I just really
enjoyed making videos and then you know
fast forward I I met Sean uh were you
comfortable being on camera I I was
behind the scenes so you were the guy
making like part of the production yes
so you weren't the talent I wasn't the
talent okay unless the the occasional
time when I would do the news okay and
then yeah and then I found myself
working at the same church that Sean was
the director of marketing at okay and I
was kind of like his associate and that
was again just more production based
behind the scenes and then it wasn't
until
I want to say it was around 2015 I felt
like I I felt a whisper and it was like
prepare yourself you'll be in front one
day and I actually kept it to myself I
didn't tell anybody that and I I just
was like okay I'm going to now the
people that I film I'm going to observe
and tell myself what I would do better
if I was on in front of the camera can I
ask you you said you felt a whisper um
do you frame that as an I got a message
from God I'm curious like what that is
for you like is that like you literally
hear those words and you think it's from
God or do are you saying to yourself I'm
thinking this thought and I know that
God put this thought in my mind it's
really good yeah I I would categorize
that whisper by saying I felt like I
heard the voice of God I'm never going
to be so confident because I think I
don't like throwing the God card but I
felt an impression it wasn't like this
voice from Heaven that was like get
prepare yourself and it was audible it
was like an impression and I believe if
you you know in all honesty are in God's
word and you understand his you learn
his character that you begin to know
that voice yeah and sometimes it could
be you sometimes it could be him or
sometimes it could be could be the enemy
and being able to determine that is a
forever life Journey for real but he'll
never tell you something that would go
against his word he'll never tell you
something that would uh not benefit
other people he'll never tell you
something that's just selfish right and
so in so many ways it sounds sounded
like a selfish unction mhm and so that's
why I didn't tell anybody and then I
just began to do me like I was just
quiet behind the camera and so when Sean
you know I I ended up going on my own
Journey doing like you know um photo
shoots and like weddings and small
business promos and then I got connected
reconnected with sea helping him with
think media okay in the early days and
that's when we met Y and you know I
would say I was quiet because number one
I'm paid there to make sure everybody
looks good and U number two I think is
just because I never wanted overstep I I
never wanted to be I'm not trying to
you're very humble yeah attention away
from me please you knowuh um so that's
kind of why but then you start doing
some things on camera yeah and then so
like 2020 or and then I started dabbling
on my own channel and started creating
you know uh tutorials and things I'm
learning and and it it was crazy how
much traction it got early on and then
um shortly thereafter Sean was like hey
can we can you just start teaching on
think media let's do a couple videos
together and then I'll just like release
you and so that's been a really cool
Journey like I'm now I'm sitting at over
300 videos uploaded I think I think I've
amassed over 50 million views on just
the videos I've produced on that channel
wow it's been really cool like it's it's
a cool Dynamic that we have and it's
funny how it became cuz Sean was like I
need to take my the podcast I want to be
you know he wanted to do more like you
know have a more sophisticated
conversation online as opposed to what
cameras to buy and what lights to use
and stuff so I was like all right I'll
step into that role and it it resonated
with people and so yeah it's it's just
been really cool they say you're never
supposed to hire a friend you know and
he you were working very closely with
one of your best friends how did you
make that work I mean you're still great
friends yeah I think it works because we
both uh share the same values on many
levels on a relational level on a
kingdom level and I do think having kept
it because there has been times where
I've I've transitioned into roles that
didn't make sense so it was always
contractor relationship M and then it
was when I became a W2 it was like I
don't know if I'm meant for I don't know
if I can do this you know I I think I am
an entrepreneur like I I'm a selfstarter
and um I don't necessarily need to you
know be in all these meetings and stuff
like that so that was like a season that
we tested out where I oversaw a team for
a season I know I was capable of doing
it it just was out of my grace Zone how
do you have that uncomfortable
conversation you're saying to yourself
like I yeah I can do this but this not
what I want to be it's not where I'm
best able to serve yeah and I'm thinking
about this how did you approach Sean
with how you're were feeling and did you
come to him with a solution how did you
do that yeah I think it was first me
missing things I started missing things
that Ruby was having a lot of firsts and
I was like yeah I don't know if this is
you know like I missed her first cooking
class I missed this and it literally got
I don't know for some reason it got me
and I'm not even the type of guy that
like needs to be at absolutely
everything
but these little events I was like man
for whatever reason I feel like I need
to be on these meetings and of he's like
yo like you don't have to be on these
meetings just let us know but for
whatever I can't I can't help what I
feel right so it was like seasonally you
know also realizing that if I shine best
just creating and that would serve the
company best than me leading a team and
doing one-on ones and stuff like that
why don't I just stay stick in that lane
I think there would actually more Roi
for both of us and all those things and
I mean Sean's kind of like you're right
you know and so that was kind of just
how it happened just planted the seat a
couple meetings and then we tried
another we tried to partner you know
like two guys working together
overseeing the channel and we're we're
realizing that you know even in Sean's
entrepreneurial Journey that like a
leader is different than a creative and
just because you're gifted at something
doesn't mean you can manage people it
doesn't you know all these things that
we're learning even the you know think
media now at 30 plus
I believe W2s wow yeah what role do you
serve now with think media So currently
I'm I'm a contracted Creator so I'm just
one of the personalities on the channel
which I actually think is a future the
picture of what think media is as being
a media company that has different faces
that ultimately Market a education
company or whatever company is actually
a formula that a lot of people can
consider absolutely I am inspired by
that it's something we've talked about
because here's the deal um I just think
you can only repurpose so much to you
know to cover all the needs of Social
and it does make a lot more sense to
scale when people associate a few faces
a few experts with a brand right and now
you're off on your own right and so you
know I've been a guest on your podcast
we will link to it below the guest
you're getting I mean your show is
popping off so fast it's insane I'm
actually blown away I am like I'm so
impressed thank you why why you know CU
there's somebody watching right now
who's like YouTube like start now I'm
way too late to this game and clearly
like really looked at like why are these
things why is this channel popping off
yeah you know there's I've been now
doing YouTube for close to eight or nine
years yeah and then teaching it and then
just being a genuine cons consumer of it
uh I think yes naturally at this point I
understand how YouTube works and you
maybe you've heard this before but it
works with essentially two trains of
thought it's the average viewer duration
and the click-through rate these are the
only two metrics that matter on Youtube
average view duration and then click
through rate so if somebody sees your
thumbnail and the title and did they
click on it yes that that's first that's
click through rate y so what influences
a click mhm like you said the title and
the thumbnail uh even more so if you
want to go a little bit deeper videos
are starting to Auto playay yeah yeah so
the first five seconds is now a part of
your thumbnail essentially is what what
is more important the thumbnail or the
auto play they're equally import
important they they would say if you if
you can help it have your thumbnail
match the first image of your video oo
but that takes a lot of plan you know I
don't want to like under over people
with YouTube because and I mean you can
also just make a decision on how you
want your thumbnails to look and just
keep it consistent um so what I use to
to generate Curiosity on my videos is a
is a phrase using a phrase that would
connect with a person what was the
phrase you used on mind it said known
for one thing question mark because I
know everybody's like I want to do it
all yeah yeah yeah and the title was The
Ultimate Guide to building your personal
brand in 2024 so I I connected like a
something that people feel and you can
do that by putting a question in your
thumbnail so what happens when you put a
question in your thumbnail is it gets
people working on your video and when I
when I say that it's like they start I
have to think about an answer yeah yeah
so it's almost like you started the
average view duration before they even
clicked them on the video what's a
click-through rate when you see it
you're like oh we got to change the
title we got to change something the
thing is though you don't want to hyper
obsess over it if you're not even
producing consistently okay cuz you only
get that feedback by showing up so like
for the first 12 episodes I never change
the thumbnail I feel like I didn't have
enough out there to actually have good
data okay but then after people are
starting to click now every pod every
podcast that I drop it's performing at a
one or one or two out of 10 so out of my
10 releases okay it's ranking itself wow
so so now I have and this is why I tell
people you want to post consistently on
YouTube simply for the mere fact of
feedback yes because the more feedback
you have the better you can improve the
other stuff the next videos you have
we're sitting in your studio you've got
I mean like this is a beautiful Studio
it's a set you've got lights you've got
these great microphones and the cameras
you got three cameras I film on my
iPhone connected to my laptop or
sometimes to my water bottle and I use
uh a microphone that I take on vacation
with me everywhere um I got one angle
cuz I just needed
Sean was like don't overthink it just
just get it up like just people will
connect and so for me what you guys do
intimidated me so much I was like I I
can't do that cuz I I I can't create
this kind of system and live the life
that I want to live I want to travel I
want to I don't want to have to take a
crew with me you know like so I I can't
do YouTube and so for that person who
also feels like I can't afford it the
setup and I don't have the room for it
all the reasons why they're saying I
can't do what Omar's doing do they have
to do that do you think that's one of
the is the way because your videos are
so crispy and because of the the set and
the lighting and the mics do you think
that's part of the reason why your
show's doing well uh I think it's part
of I don't think it's the very reason
because I actually we do very minimal
edits like I don't even put subscribe
buttons I don't put my my I don't put my
social media handles it's literally a
raw conversation how come cuz I'm trying
to prove a point okay that less is
more you know and so you feel like you I
mean obviously yes there's aund lights
here out of your request usually we have
I'm like dude I don't want to see
anything but lashes and nostrils blow me
out um but I I do we do keep it lean if
you went you went to Ryan pan and his is
probably 50x the the cost and he
actually put me in a group text after
our podcast and he texted me with his
team he said hey guys why do Omar's
podcast look better than ours so it it's
the user you know when it comes to the
Gear now something you can't take away
is just the skill of
communication uh
Charisma you know expertise delivery
authenticity like these are all things
that have nothing to do with the quality
of camera you're using which you have
all these things thanks I do feel like
first impression somebody's getting into
this stuff they do like it's about
setting it and taking one time to
essentially set up a good setup that
when you show up if you call yourself a
professional that it would help and it
would align with your brand that you
actually are in focus and that your
audio does sound good not saying it has
to be a camera but yeah a decent light
or a window at least do you still do
that for people like I know for a while
that like people were paying you to fly
all over and like set up their Studio
yeah I'm still doing it occasionally I'm
actually LS house is the next one oh wow
yeah you hit me up I know he's been on
YouTube in a studio filming forever I
know he's like yo he just hit me up love
your stuff man and uh he noticed the
quality but he was like I want to set
hook up my basement downstairs so that I
can just like on a switch you know and
so what I do is I take into
consideration okay what do you want the
workflow to look like do you have
somebody to help you no I I don't or
maybe I have one okay do you want to
switch in real time no I don't okay I'll
show you how to use AI to switch it you
know like there's a lot of things that
I'm taking into consideration based on
how a person wants to function I don't
want to forget to ask this because I
know someone right now is like okay well
how do I get that so like Shameless plug
if somebody wants to consult with you on
that how do they yeah I mean it's it's
not cheap I would say good should be
yeah so do what just DM me hey Omar I
heard you on Shen's podcast it's called
dialed in a day dialed in a day yeah we
do a couple Zoom calls I see your space
I give you the list you let me know when
it lands then my team will go set up and
I come do finish touches wow and it's
for a busy person who values their time
who doesn't need to learn all this stuff
and I would argue you don't need to
learn all this stuff um that's huge it
is co that's huge because that was the
obstacle for me yeah you know I mean we
just didn't get on a zoom if we got on a
zoom but if your stuff's killing so but
you know I I I have to balance that like
for me I look at gosh is doing an
imperson podcast like that is that's the
jam right like this is I feel so much
more connected to you and there's people
I've done more podcasts with them but
I've never met them in person um but I
have to balance that between like also I
want to travel right now you know so
it's finding that balance but I'm so
impressed with the guests you've got the
way your show's popping off so you know
hopefully people check out your videos
subscribe and I think so much of the
reason why your show is so interesting
is because they're real conversations
how much prep do you put into where you
want the conversation to go that's
really good question so I definitely
want my podcast conversations to have a
North star because I know I have an
individual that is usually that we can
go a million different ways yeah and the
Northstar is honestly predicated on what
I feel like I'm more most curious about
learning from that individual and so
like I interviewed my pastor uh last
week you know and he he could talk about
communicate she's been preaching for 20
years he's he's grown you know the
church has grown over 2 200 people in
this the the U most unreached Church
city in the world uh Las Vegas and
Leadership we could talk about
creativity a musician but like I wanted
to talk about leadership from him so I
think having a North star with you it
was personal branding yeah so we could
have went online business we could have
went family we could have went Fitness
we could have went health so um and so
having that North Star that's helpful
and I the way I structure my
conversations is actually very
intentional too tell me so because the
packaging matters especially on YouTube
right the title and the thumbnail yeah
you want the viewer to have some sort of
resolve as soon as they click on the
video resolve is like okay I clicked on
the Right video and that happens by not
just jumping into a random conversation
that the the title doesn't align with
right so in our case it was like The
Ultimate Guide to building your personal
brand in 2024 the first question that
gets asked is Define what is a personal
brand yeah so the person that clicked on
this video is literally getting the
answer right from the get-go and it's
bringing resolve so this is why they're
going to stay and this is going to
increase the average view duration I
don't bring in the story until middle of
the conversation so I actually learned
this from my friend David Chans who has
a really successful podcast social proof
podcast he's like Omar yeah you want to
give the listener The credibility cuz I
would argue although my my guests are
awesome they're also known in so many
aspects right everybody's because
everybody is known so you can't know
everybody exactly so it's it's actually
how I contextualize their genius as to
why the podcasts do so well and you do
that by uh the formula of interviewing
that he's taught me is is that you give
you let the person shine with the
credibility by saying their accolades up
front that's why I was like to call like
is okay multiple eight fig entrepreneur
can I say like any you know any other
things you want me to say because that's
giving credibility
and then we're going to start with like
why you're a hero and that's by you
defining the thing you're a genius in I
love that you're teaching me all of this
this is so good and everybody like so
can we restart the
show because that's just that's you you
I mean because you're asking me like hey
so when did you get in a video that
didn't happen until we talked about like
life but right based on how we started
this conversation it kind of probably
should be along the lines of like how to
balance your life as a content creator
or something like that you know yeah
except that the other thing I wanted to
get to and I think you did mention it
pretty early but nonetheless what I just
took away from this for someone who's
like just they're letting us play in the
background and not really paying
attention pay attention right now yeah
because here's the one thing I will not
forget about this interview my first
question needs to align with that
feeling for the viewer your first
question is probably the most important
and I listen to so many podcasts where
they say so um tell me about yourself
and you're like like how did you get
into this and you're like just no tell
tell me what the title says you know and
so that's really powerful and I
appreciate that from you and here's
what's cool so it's like you start off
with them as a hero MH but then it's
like how did you get there and that's
going to humanize them and it's going to
bring a relat a relatability yeah and
then if we get there it is the
application okay how does the The
Listener do this now okay so like so
that's kind of like the three part that
I'm trying to get to through a
conversation as far as my prep goes it's
really just thoughts you know I have I
have thoughts that I want you know you
to ponder on you know or or you know
talk about you know and so yeah but I
would say the secret sauce to my podcast
I've said this before is it's my
curiosity yeah just leaning into like
it's real the yeah the genuine things
I'm in in my own personal Journey as I'm
you know building a business and being
an entrepreneur and a coach and
consultant and all the things I I really
want to know it's kind of like free
coaching too you know so when you're
answering my personal question it's
people are recontextualizing that answer
for their situation yeah so lean into
your Curiosities throughout a
conversation don't feel like it has to
be so structured I actually you know
it's funny because I'm so like ninja
about you know this yeah when I get
interviewed on like even a virtual
interviews and stuff I remember I had a
dude in my community he was like yo can
we do an interview I'm like yeah all day
you know know and he starts off the
conversation like so you live in Las
Vegas I'm like yeah he's like tell us
what is it like living in Las Vegas I'm
like bro nobody
cares you know but I'm like hey it's
awesome all these teams coming out we
got the A's and the A's you know the
aces are you know and then it's like bro
like like what do people want to hear
and I think I think that is probably the
first place you want to be at as a
content creator is rather than talking
about what you want to talk about talk
about what people want to hear and I
know that takes listening like you got
to genuinely care about you know what
people care about you know I actually
it's actually a form of marketing Jesus
implemented so when Jesus calls Peter
he's fishing and he tells Peter like
drop your stuff I don't want you to be a
Fisher for fish I want to be I want you
to be a Fisher for men so he used what
Peter's language to get him to do the
thing that he wanted him to do why
because Jesus cared you know an an
average marketer content creator is just
writing a memoir about themselves it's
like bro nobody cares about you people
care about themselves so true so I I I
hyper obsess over the audience's
experience faith is really important to
you and you integrate it into your
business and your work and your videos
and your message I see a lot of
entrepreneurs go one of two ways like
they're uncomfortable doing they fear
that they're going to alienate some part
of Their audience and frankly I've seen
people who I think are it's they feel
like it's a trend in they're kind of
jumping on that bandwan how do you look
at the importance of faith in your
business and how intentional are you
like just now the story that you shared
like do you think to yourself like how
can I just speak on it tell me what what
what is your intention what is your
thoughts if I could be so intentional
with YouTube strategy and all these
things I would actually say I'm less
intentional with that stuff okay it's an
overflow ah it's you know there's a
scripture in Matthew 6:33 it says seek
first the kingdom of God God and his
righteousness and all these things will
be added unto you and that it says seek
first that word first is really it means
core when God's the core of your life
all these things just fall into place it
just it's just the it's the order in
which it happens part of it is it's just
who I am I wake up in the morning I read
a proverb I read a little bit of the New
Testament and you know take my daughter
to school and we we pray before we go
into school um we're highly involved at
our church um I'm actually a pastor at
our church mhm and so it's I it's
unapologetically me so like I'm not
trying to be intentional about seeding
it I guess you could say okay like the
scriptures that are just coming in my
brain it's just coming in my brain the
way you think it's your language however
I would say poor messages and examples
and I would say weird stuff going on out
online I would hope that you know people
who are strong about their faith or
serious about their faith they would
show it more because you know anyone
anyone we can get into a you know a
debate on like God's this or God's that
but I would just argue that like
everything he offers is better than what
the world offers and everything he
offers is better than you know whatever
astrology I don't know what other people
believe in like they leave they actually
believe in more stuff that requires more
faith in all honesty um but all that to
say when I look at our the kids and like
gen Z and who they're calling
influencers I'm like shoot these people
don't have you know what they're what
they're teaching and talking about is
not good so like dude if I if they come
my direction they're going to get solid
you know values and an example of what
it should be like to I think be uh a
young person who is passionate about the
things of God in their life the younger
Generations that you just referenced you
know like the 20s somethings right and
there there's a lot of information out
there to suggest that they are turning
away from faith and we see so much more
depression anxiety and I think because
in large part we're worshiping vanity
metrics we're worshiping people we're
worshiping status it just makes me
wonder like what's next and and how much
social media has to do with this yeah no
it's crazy it's there's actually a a
huge famous hashtag and it's witch talk
it's literally like you know people
doing weird like prophecies and like
just and and you can get caught up in
that algorithm and it can go nuts
and I would just you know what actually
what we have found is that the younger
generation they are actually more open
in their spiritual journey than any
other generation it's just yes the
accessibility to different information
and so whatever is tickling their ear at
the moment is where they're going to
lead to the unfortunate thing is that
many times it's Li it's built on lies
and not truth and so the goal is that
people like you know people like me or
people that do believe in something you
know solid and truth that they would
speak truth you know like and and weave
that in I'm like I'm not I'm not forcing
scripture on people down people's throat
yeah but it's cool when like the dads DM
me and say hey Omar you know I'm a dad
and you're really encouraging me to want
to start reading the Bible or you know
take my family to church like these are
conversations people aren't seeing in
the comments they're see it's happening
in the DM yeah and so I am on Mission in
some aspect um and so my
unintentionality I guess the Overflow of
my life has led to I would say life
change if that's not the purpose of
influence like influence is this ability
to get people to to do something you
know that they want to do uh or maybe
don't want to do influence in it of
itself it's a responsibility and I I
personally don't take it lightly that's
the secret to your Rhythm and I think
that's I mean I don't want to cast
judgment but I think people who are
missing that Rhythm they're miss you
know what I mean that those people who
like they're they're just getting
fulfillment and finding
their I don't know what you want to call
it but it's like they they something's
missing and so they're trying to fill
that with work and fill that with status
and fill that with money and fill that
with chasing and fill that with hustle
and I think you don't have to fill that
when your core is filled with belief
there's a and your Rhythm yeah scripture
reminds me in Ecclesiastes it's in the
Old Testament it says um that God's put
eternity in our hearts it doesn't matter
if you know God or you don't know God
that's why we're on a search that's why
we feel like there must be more to life
and it isn't until you find your maker
that you feel that void to be filled and
so the Journey of Faith is hopefully to
find your your maker in all honesty wow
I found that it is strategic to help
people with what they need help with and
then when they're ready or open is great
time for a conversation wow speaking of
great conversations make sure that you
check out below where you can go and
check out the Department it's you you
got to see these interviews they're
fantastic you're going to learn a lot
you'll see a lot of the things we talked
about today put into practice take a
look at the thumbnails take a look at
what he's starting the videos off with
because the Channel's popping off and
it's not too late and it's a great
opportunity for you to be authentically
who you are and thank you for sharing
with people what it looks like to to
overflow with your faith in such a way
that's so authentic Omar you're awesome
thanks for being on build your tribe
honored thank you so much absolutely and
don't forget to subscribe it's free duh
why wouldn't you bye
[Music]
guys